Capstone Project Ideas

Game review website. This site will host articles and reviews for popular and new video games. It will connect to Steam’s public API to be able to show reviews other users have left and recent player counts to see how successful/popular the game is. It can also be expanded to allow users to create accounts, and post comments on any articles, game reviews, or specific games. Other users will be able to see these and leave comments themselves or comment on a specific comment. Also allowing an upvote/downvote system on the comments. This is my personal favorite.

Mental Health Garden Tracker. App where you log in and you have a garden. Complete daily mental health exercises to get points in order to add new plants, water existing plants, and add animals. Activities can include meditation, guided breathing exercises, journaling. I’d hope to find an API for some of these exercises as well as getting motivational quotes and things like that as well. Missing days will have gradual effects such as animals leaving and the plants starting to die. Points can then be used to counteract that some but just doing the activities again will help and get you back on track. Incorporating a community page where people can share pictures and support one another sounds like it could be a nice addition but may be getting into a scope creep situation there. I am considering other ways to expand this idea. This is my second favorite idea.

Fitness and Nutrition Tracker. The main purpose of this will be for logging daily meals, workouts, and nutrients. It’ll include visual trackers for water intake, protein intake, and whether you worked out for the day or not etc,. It’ll track user’s goals, reminders for them, and their progress. API integration will include an API for food information such as serving size, calories, and other nutritional values such as protein. I can also make an API for workouts where you select how many days a week you want to work out and it’ll create a plan based on the frequency. Something that could be really interesting to add into this is you can create a meal plan and then the app will take that information and create the grocery list for you. I do like this idea and think it could be fun/interesting but it is my least favorite compared to the others.
